DataGrid: add the Appearance and Editing section (#5287)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/20 Editing/43 Customize Edit Form/10 Appearance and Editing/10 Form Layout Customization.md

> This section demonstrates how to configure a form items style and arrange items. We do not recommend you to use the options mentioned in this section to change the default editors behavior. To customize the default editor, refer to the [Editor Customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Editors) section.

Reviewer: > This section demonstrates how to configure **a form items style** and arrange items.

You wanted to say "a style of form items". However, in this form, you have only one noun - "style", and all other words in this semantic unit serve as a compound adjective for this noun. All nouns used as a compound adjective should be singular. Otherwise, we would have an agreement of numbers issue, just like in this case. Therefore, the only correct form here is:

> a form **item** style

Only the main noun can change between singular and plural forms here.

> We do not recommend you to use **the** options mentioned in this section to change the default editor**s** behavior.

First, the article case. Is it really definite here? From what I gather, you've meant "those options mentioned in this section", "all those options mentioned in this section"... However, in this scenario it's utterly unimportant. Because we do not recommend one to use **any** of the options mentioned in this section. Therefore, we've got an indefinite article case on our hands, in fact.

Second. The default **editors** behavior. This is actually the same issue as the one found in the first sentence -- agreement of numbers. Likewise, the main noun here is "behavior", and all other words in the semantic unit are its compound adjective. Any nouns within the compound adjective should be singular. Always.

> To customize the default editor, refer to the [Editor Customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Editors) section.

We have a reference (topic name) that encompasses more than one word. To simplify the sentence structure, we agreed to move such topic names to the end of a sentence.

```suggestion
This section demonstrates how to configure a form item style and arrange items. We do not recommend that you use options mentioned in this section to change the default editor behavior. To customize the default editor, refer to the following section: [Editor Customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Editors).
```

Author: I agree with all your suggestions. Thanks!

> This section demonstrates how to configure a form item style and arrange items. We do not recommend that you use options mentioned in this section to change the default editor behavior. To customize the default editor, refer to the following section: [Editor Customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Editors).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section demonstrates how to configure a form item's style and arrange items. We do not recommend that you use the options mentioned in this section to change the default editor's behavior. To customize the default editor, refer to the following section: [Editor Customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Editors).
```

> If you need to implement minor changes (for example, stylize a form item, change the item visibility, configure labels, specify a number of columns spanned by the item, etc.), use the **columns[]**.[formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#formItem) property.

Reviewer: > **stylize** a form item

While you probably can use the verb "stylize" in this context, I would have preferred a more plain and straightforward form like: "apply a style to a form item".

> change **the** item visibility

You would need a definite article in the following form: "to change **the** visibility of items". However, in this case, you use "visibility" as a simple attribute, like color, font size, or whatever. We can omit an article altogether in such scenarios.

> specify a number of columns spanned by **the** item

I understand why you used a definite article here -- as if you spoken of "the same" item as before. However, this is completely unimportant in this scenario. You speak of some change examples, they do not have to imply the same items. This is just information of a general kind.

```suggestion
If you need to implement minor changes (for example, apply a style to a form item, change item visibility, configure labels, specify a number of columns spanned by an item, etc.), use the **columns[]**.[formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#formItem) property.
```

            return {
                columnEditorOptions: { height: 100 }
            }
        }
        // ...
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DataGrid, {
        Editing,
        Column,
        FormItem,
        Label
    } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';

    const defaultEditorOptions = { height: 100 }

    export default function App() {
        return (
            <DataGrid ... >
                <Editing
                    allowUpdating={true}
                    mode="form"
                />
                <Column dataField="ID">
                    <FormItem visible={false} />
                </Column>
                <Column dataField="Notes">
                    <FormItem 
                        colSpan={2}
                        cssClass = "custom-class"
                        editorType = "dxTextArea"
                        editorOptions = "{ defaultEditorOptions }"
                    >
                        <Label location="top" />
                    </FormItem>
                </Column>
            </DataGrid>
        );
    }

---

> If you need to implement major changes (for example, arrange items and groups), use the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) property. Declare the required items for this object and specify the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property. 

Reviewer: > Declare the required items for this object

Of what objects do we speak?

Author: In this case, I mean a **column** object. So, the sentence is "Declare the required items for a column object..."

Reviewer: OK. In this case...

```suggestion
If you need to implement major changes (for example, arrange items and groups), use the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) property. Declare all required items for a column object and specify the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property. 
```

> If you need to implement major changes (for example, arrange items and groups), use the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) property. Declare all required items for a column object and specify the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to implement major changes (for example, arrange items and groups), use the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) property. Declare all items for a column object and specify the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property. 
```

> DataGrid automatically generates editors with the related event handlers for the form items based on column settings and other DataGrid options like [onEditorPrepared](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) properties for items that are bound to **dataField** in the **editing.form** configuration. You can add unbound items just like for a regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component.

Reviewer: > DataGrid automatically generates editors with the **related** event handlers

I'm not sure that "related" is the best choice of a word in this context. I would have rather said "corresponding" instead.

> for **the** form items

Is there a real reason to interpret this article case as definite? If you use a definite article, you basically say "those form items" -- you should be ready to answer a question -- what form items? Is it really important? It doesn't look that way in this context.

> Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) properties

You said the **X** or **Y** propert**ies**. The noun properties is in plural form while you join property names with OR rather than "AND", which leaves us with a singular form on our hands.

NOTE. If you use AND while iterating named entities, **you do not need** a definite article. If you use OR to do it, **you do need** a definite article.

> You can add unbound items just like for a regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component.

Add unbound items where? I cannot suggest a change because I do not have a final vision of this paragraph.

Author: -> Add unbound items where? I cannot suggest a change because I do not have a final vision of this paragraph.

Look at this section https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Configure_Simple_Items/#Create_an_Unbound_Simple_Item

Author: I missed this link in the text above...

Reviewer: I see, you updated this one. I'll mark this thread as resolved.

> DataGrid automatically generates editors with the corresponding event handlers for form items based on column settings and other DataGrid options like [onEditorPrepared](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) property for items that are bound to **dataField** in the **editing.form** configuration. You can add [unbound items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Configure_Simple_Items/#Create_an_Unbound_Simple_Item) just like for a regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component.

Reviewer: You changed this one, I see. However, I may have another minor change to suggest here. Did you mean the following?

```suggestion
DataGrid automatically generates editors with the corresponding event handlers for form items based on column settings and other DataGrid options like [onEditorPrepared](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) property for items that are bound to **dataField** in the **editing.form** configuration. You can add [unbound items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Configure_Simple_Items/#Create_an_Unbound_Simple_Item) in the same way as in a regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component.
```

> DataGrid automatically generates editors with the corresponding event handlers for form items based on column settings and other DataGrid options like [onEditorPrepared](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) property for items that are bound to **dataField** in the **editing.form** configuration. You can add [unbound items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Configure_Simple_Items/#Create_an_Unbound_Simple_Item) in the same way as in a regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataGrid automatically generates editors with the corresponding event handlers for form items based on column settings and other DataGrid options like [onEditorPrepared](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Do not use the [editCellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editCellTemplate) or [editorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions) property for items that are bound to **dataField** in the **editing.form** configuration. You can add [unbound items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Configure_Simple_Items/#Create_an_Unbound_Simple_Item) in the same way as regular [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) components.
```

> The [Organize Simple Items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Organize_Simple_Items/In_Groups/) topic illustrates how to organize form items in the Form component. You can use the same approach for the DataGrid editing form. Note that you should not specify the **formData** property because DataGrid uses its own mechanism under the hood to manage edited data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the following topic for information on how to arrange items in the Form component: [Organize Simple Items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Organize_Simple_Items/In_Groups/). You can use the same technique to arrange items in the DataGrid editing form. Note that you should leave the **formData** property unspecified because DataGrid uses a built-in mechanism to manage edited data.
```

P.S. You may want to explain what happens otherwise -- when one decides to specify the formData property in this case.

Author: I thought, it is bad practice to write about incorrect behavior of our components. In our documentation we just recommend do not use some properties to avoid wrong behavior

Reviewer: I understand. I will not insist -- I'm just thinking out loud that you should warn of possible consequences since you mention this fact in great enough detail.
